# data_bootcamp_final_project
This project was completed by Project Group17 Yue Cui (yc4066) , Heropeia Hu (qh582) , Ewan Zhao (yz6111) here in partial fulfilment of ECON-GB 2313-20, Data Bootcamp, Spring 2020. We certify that the NYU Stern Honor Code applies to this project. In particular, We have:
Clearly acknowledged the work and efforts of others when submitting written work as our own. The incorporation of the work of others–including but not limited to their ideas, data, creative expression, and direct quotations (which should be designated with quotation marks), or para- phrasing thereof– has been fully and appropriately referenced using notations both in the text and the bibliography.
And We understand that:
Submitting the same or substantially similar work in multiple courses, either in the same semester or in a different semester, without the express approval of all instructors is strictly forbidden.
We acknowledge that a failure to abide by NYU Stern Honor Code will result in a failing grade for the project and course.

Project Description:This project studies restaurants in the United States that are listed on Yelp.com with related datasets collected from the Yelp Dataset webpage on Kaggle. Given that the main focus of this project is business instead of users, the Yelp_business and the Yelp_business_attributes are the two most frequently used datasets in this case. In this project, the first research purpose is to analyze data relathionships among restaurants categories, attributes and stars rating. After completion, we are able to tell the insights of which cuisine categories and business attributes contribute to higher stars rating. Secondly, based on the analysis, we create search basis for western coast restaurants by names, cities, and parking facilities. The customized recommendations could benefit both users and business owners to better locate friendly services and restaurants in local areas.
